README.md, before:

# Magic Musicplayer

![title](https://lucahohmann.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Magic-Musicplayer-Logo.png)

## Definition

Current version: v1.0_alpha

This program is an open source, Java based music player for local music files. It is desigend to provide a nice and clean look, with simple, yet powerful functionality (please notice, that the powerful functionality will be added in the beta phase). 

Currently available features:
1) Graphical folder selection
2) mp3 and m4a file detection
3) Analyzing title, artists, album tags
4) scroll through the song list

Top priority features for the next release:
1) A real scrollbar to navigate faster
2) Album and artist pages

You want to read more about the project? I have a project pages as well as a blog post on my website:
https://lucahohmann.com/magic-musicplayer/

https://lucahohmann.com/magic-musicplayer-javafx-in-2019/

## Download
Can you trust the download? Well yes and no. Because how should I prove to you, that the code of a built application is the same as the repository code? I can't. But I personally believe in the open source project, and want to contribute to a better software accessability for everyone. So either you take my word, or compile the code yourself =)

* [MagicMusicplayer.zip](https://mega.nz/#!nqQBCIgT!b4UEXDAPfB_nf_biPYWoXhchIWxjxcOj9uCvohXpd3c)

If your anti virus program rings an alarm bell, please notify me, via github issues or e-mail, so that I get a better overview, how I can improve the deployment of the application.

E-Mail: business@lucahohmann.com

## Executing the program

Run the exe

Commit message:

added link to mp3magic

README.md, after:

# Magic Musicplayer

![title](https://lucahohmann.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Magic-Musicplayer-Logo.png)

## Definition

Current version: v1.0_alpha

This program is an open source, Java based music player for local music files. It is desigend to provide a nice and clean look, with simple, yet powerful functionality (please notice, that the powerful functionality will be added in the beta phase). 

Currently available features:
1) Graphical folder selection
2) mp3 and m4a file detection
3) Analyzing title, artists, album tags
4) scroll through the song list

Top priority features for the next release:
1) A real scrollbar to navigate faster
2) Album and artist pages

You want to read more about the project? I have a project pages as well as a blog post on my website:
https://lucahohmann.com/magic-musicplayer/

https://lucahohmann.com/magic-musicplayer-javafx-in-2019/



This project uses the mp3magic libary for mp3 tag analyzing. So check it out here: https://github.com/mpatric/mp3agic

## Download
Can you trust the download? Well yes and no. Because how should I prove to you, that the code of a built application is the same as the repository code? I can't. But I personally believe in the open source project, and want to contribute to a better software accessability for everyone. So either you take my word, or compile the code yourself =)

* [MagicMusicplayer.zip](https://mega.nz/#!nqQBCIgT!b4UEXDAPfB_nf_biPYWoXhchIWxjxcOj9uCvohXpd3c)

If your anti virus program rings an alarm bell, please notify me, via github issues or e-mail, so that I get a better overview, how I can improve the deployment of the application.

E-Mail: business@lucahohmann.com

## Executing the program

Run the exe
